Intro:
 Mirai was a botnet that 
attacked IoT devices, mostly Internet-connected cameras, by checking 
the status of Ports 23 and 2323 and brute forcing authentication using 
common credentials.
 WannaCry, asking us for money to open the lock on our door or to turn 
on a pacemaker.
history:
philips home.
Jeep hack- app
if one is using a popular framework, it is often thought to be 
secure by design.

Reasons for IoT security vulnerabilities.
1) Lack of security awareness among developers
2)Lack of macro persppective - Viewing it in broad view
combining findings from the mobile application and how the network communication 
works, you could possibly discover a critical security issue
3) Supply-chain based security issues.(when different components are manufactured by different stakeholders)

all the possible channels and collecting information, such as device 
documentation and manuals, online resources and posts about the 
product, and any available content or prior research about the device.

various components used in the device, CPU 
architecture type, communication protocols used, mobile application 
details, firmware upgrade process, hardware ports, external media support 
on devices, and pretty much anything else that you can find.

 IoT solution, the entire architecture can be broadly 
divided into three categories:
1. Embedded device.
2. Firmware, software, and applications.
3. Radio communications.

Some of the common radio communication protocols used in IoT 
devices are 

create an attack surface map of 
any given IoT device:
• List all the components present in the target product.
• Prepare an architecture diagram.
• Label the components and the communication flows 
between them.
• Identify attack vectors for each component and the 
communication channel or protocol used.
• Categorize the attack vectors based on the varying 
criticality.

prepare a spreadsheet with all the test 
cases and exploits to be tested on the various components including a 
detailed description of what specific test are you going to perform and 
what the output will be if the attack is successful.

The Real-time Transport Protocol (RTP) is a network protocol which described how to transmit various media (audio, video) from one endpoint to another in a real-time fashion. RTP is suitable for video-streaming application, telephony over IP like Skype and conference technologies.

The secure version of RTP, SRTP, is used by WebRTC, and uses encryption and authentication to minimize the risk of denial-of-service attacks and security breaches.

https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7913565

security requirements in five categories: Network Security, Identity Management, Privacy, Trust and Resilience.

SSL -  These protocols are used to encrypt data sent over the unsecured medium (the Internet) between a client machine and a server (a website hosted on a computer)

SSL Renegotiation Attack : Attackers who can hijack an HTTPS connection can add their own requests to the conversation between the client and server. The attacker cannot decrypt the client-server communication, so it is different from a typical man-in-the-middle attack

Downgrade Attacks: tricks a web server into negotiating connections with previous versions of TLS that have long since been abandoned as insecure.

Stripping attacks : attackers identifies as authorised router. using ARP poisoning.! MITM

MITM attacks, which include getting access to SSL/TLS private keys that bind the certificate authenticity and unsecured end points.
-----------------------
EDGE computing - bringing workloads into network(n/w edge)
- containerized workload that can be managed on these spaces.
- distributing workloads coz of increasing devices.
- performing data anlayz on edge reduces vulnerability which is caused if there is cloud based 
2 kinds of edge computing capabilities.
servers & devices(car , car)
---------------------------
ZigBee - packets for a legitimate request, and simply replay it to perform the 
same action at a later point in time and take over the device
MQTT - vulnerabilities in this are DDoS , Buffer overflow
CoAP

RAN


